[FLINK-34679][cdc] add doc under core-concept. (#3153)
apache/flink-cdc: docs/content/docs/core-concept/data-sink.md

specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Definition
The Data Sink is used to apply schema changes and write change data to external systems.    
A Data Sink can write to multiple tables simultaneously.

# Parameters
To describe a data sink, the follows are required:

| parameter                   | meaning                                                                               | optional/required |
|-----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| type                        | The type of the sink, such as doris or starrocks.                                     | required          |
| name                        | The name of the sink, which is user-defined (a default value provided).               | optional          |

> | other custom configurations | custom configurations for the sink to specify the connection config and table config. | optional          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| configurations of Data Sink |  Configurations to build the Data Sink e.g. connection configurations and sink table properties. | optional          |
```

Author: address it.
